This text file is dedicated to the git branching strategies and understand how 
merging works in Git and what all scenarios are there where we use merge 
and where we use rebase. 


Suppose there is an application named as UBER which has a main branch with functionality of Cabs.

The product team is now interested in launching bike booking in the app also.
So, the normal sdlc process will be followed of requirements, design, coding testing and finally
making the new feature in the application live.

So we CODING part comes, there will be many developers who will be working simultaneously on this bike 
functionality of uber.

So do they start making changes directly in --> Main Branch ? 
--> The answer is no and at "Enterprise" level such kind
of practice is not a good way of doing software development.

What if the team decides to Start making the change for new functionality in the Main branch?
--> The main application will become unstable as the new code might overlap and create issue for the end users.
--> If there are 2 developers, then one developer has to wait for the other to finish his changes,
So that he commits his work and then the second developer starts working.
-->Production becomes unstable due to these kind of practice and hence a Good branching technique is required to overcome such kind of challeneges.

ENTERPRISE LEVEL WORKFLOW -->

MAIN --> Do not touch 
    New Fucntionality comes as Bikes --> Create a feature branch named --> feature/Bikes
        feature/Bikes --> undergoes development and testing
            Now there are 2 options to either merge or rebase the changes to the MAIN Branch, depends on the organizational WORKFLOW.
                PR is raised to review the changes and then take the decision of adding the changes to the MAIN branch.

Release Branch --> This branch is created when there is a release to production. The changes
which are done through many features are in the MAIN branch along with the old production code 
which is currently running in production.

So, now the release branch has the current commits + the old prod code. so the release branch is 
now getting tested by the QA team and when they find a bug, it gets fixed only in the release 
branch and not in the main, after everything is stable in the release branch, it gets deployed 
to production, and after everything goes well, we merge the release branch to main branch as well
so that the changes made in the release branch during testing phase gets added as well to the main branch,
beacause if not done like that, it will again give error in the next release.


Now coming to MERGE and REBASE, How it works and why it is important ?
How organizations use merge and rebase in GIT during project?

Rebase 
                                       




For any New Functionaility we create a new branch and so that we don't touch the main branch before proper 
Development and Testing.
