This session focusses on AWS Services For DevOps

As a DevOps Engineer we need to be focussed on Improving the 
efficiency and focus on Automation

AWS Services For DevOps Engineers:

1) EC2(Elastic Cloud Compute)
2) VPC(Private and Securing the EC2)
   ---> security groups, CIDR, Subnets, Inbound and Outbound Rules.
3) EBS(Volumes, Deploy or Attach a Volume to EC2 instances)
4) S3 Buckets(Storage related services), to enable encryption or not, previosuly it was 
   decided by the teams or DevOps engineers, but now it gets encrypted by default.
5) IAM(Used to Manage Access for each and every role and each and every services)
6) CLoudWatch(Takes care of Constant Monitoring on AWS, anybody is not creating any services without following the compliance rules)
7) Lambda(Sending mail notifications, Serverless compute)
         AWS Lambda functions can be created and Tear down automatically.
             used for short actions or functionalities, which can be executed and tear down automatically.
8) Cloud Build Services 
   CI/CD --> Using Jenkins, some services are also provided by AWS to do the CI/CD, 
   AWS supports CI/CD with the help of below 3 services.
   --> AWS code Pipeline - Similar To Jenkins Pipeline 
   --> AWS code Build    - compiling code, run tests, provide software packages and 
                           fully managed build services
   --> AWS code Deploy   - Deploying your application to ec2 instance or on premise servers.

There is a legacy application, microservice, and not conatinerised and deployed on ec2.,
There should be an easy way so that when the artifacts are made, like war files, jar files or etc,
Now you have to deploy this on EC2 instance, for it to automatically happen, it happens 
through AWS Code deploy. This is a method through which CI/CD is done through AWS.

If you are completely on AWS, then these services can be used 
for CI/CD and there is in a way you can work without Jenkins.

or else,

If you have that idea of migrating to Azure or another cloud, then using 
these aws servives for ci/cd will not be good idea as these are restricted to AWS


9) AWS configuration Service -- Guardrails services provided by AWS
   To manage the configurations.

10) Biling and Costing -- How much organization is spending on various services 
whose cost can be managed by billing and costing services on AWS.

11) AWS KMS -- To keep your data secure always, secrets and config files 
needs to be kept secure always, Key - Management - Services

12) Cloud Trail -- is used to enable your operational and risk auditing, stores API logs.

13) AWS EKS - managed Kubernetees Service provided by AWS.

14) FarGate

15) AWS ECS -- Elastic conatiner services, aws proprietary service.

16) AWS ELK -- Elastic search














